These 3 stocks are Cowen’s best ideas for 2024 including Amazon and Biogen
December 14, 2023 — 05:06 am EST

Written by Michael Marcus for TipRanks ->

It’s only a few weeks to the New Year, so what better time to find out what stocks the major investment banks and research firms are recommending? TD Cowen, the New York-based multinational financial services firm, has been publishing the year-end stock calls from its analysts – and their choices make interesting reading.

These are the ‘best ideas’ for 2024, from analysts with 5-star ratings from TipRanks; Cowen’s team has the experience and success to back up their recommendations, and investors can turn to them for valuable advice on the markets for these winter months.


The picks this year include equities from a variety of sectors – Big Tech, Big Pharma, consumer staples – with some prominent names such as Amazon and Biogen included on Cowen’s Best Ideas list.

So let’s take a closer look at these top picks. According to the latest TipRanks data, it’s clear that Wall Street agrees that these are stocks to Buy; each has a Strong Buy consensus rating from the Street’s analysts. Let’s dive in.

Don’t miss

Goldman Sachs Says These 3 Healthcare Giants Look Very Attractive Right Now
Time to Hit Buy on These 2 Building Stocks, Says Deutsche Bank
These 2 MedTech Stocks Look Too Cheap to Ignore, Says Morgan Stanley
Amazon (AMZN)

First on our list is Amazon, the 800-pound gorilla in the world of e-commerce and online retail. Starting out back in the 90s as an online book seller, Amazon took a heavy hit when the dot.com bubble burst – but survived and has since expanded to become the world’s leader in online selling. Customers can find – almost literally – anything they want on Amazon: books, of course, but also computer gaming accessories, kitchen necessities, kids’ games, socks, electric shavers – the list will just grow more eclectic if we drag it out. Amazon moved a total of $693 billion in gross merchandise value last year.

But it’s not just online retail, of course. Amazon also has extensive operations in online services, such as subscription TV streaming and cloud computing, to home automation (Alexa, would you please…?), to audiobooks. Even groceries can be ordered online through Amazon’s services. The company’s website claims more than 2 billion visits every month, making it one the most-trafficked sites on the whole of the internet.


Business on this scale is sure to be reflected in the financial results, and so it is with Amazon. The company reported its 3Q23 results recently, and showed an impressive $143.1 billion in total revenues. That was up 13% year-over-year, and came in some $1.5 billion ahead of the forecasts. The gains in revenue rested on sound performance from the cloud computing segment, Amazon Web Services, which was up 12% for the quarter; from North American retail, which gained 11%; and mainly from international retail, which showed a y/y gain of 16%. Operating income rose to $11.2 billion vs. the $2.5 billion seen in the same period a year ago with the company delivering an operating margin of 7.8%, the highest since 1Q21’s record 8.2%.

Writing on Amazon for Cowen, 5-star analyst John Blackledge names the company as his top pick in large cap stocks, given the combination of record margins and high AWS growth. In Blackledge’s words, “AMZN is our top ‘24 large cap pick based on two key drivers, including (i) Record Op Inc Margins: We forecast AMZN ‘24 Op Inc of $58BN, 25% above cons, yielding 9.1% Op Inc margins, as high-margin AWS and Advertising businesses continue to scale while ‘rest of biz’ Op Inc turns positive after significant cost-cutting and easing inflationary & FX headwinds. We estimate ‘rest of biz’ ‘24 Op Income of ~$4BN following >$38BN in losses from ‘21-‘23E; (ii) AWS revenue growth accelerates: as AWS starts to lap cost optimizations, our public cloud survey work suggests 75% of customers will be through optimizations by end of ‘23. Also, AWS bookings are accelerating into 4Q23, which bodes well for next year & beyond.”

Looking ahead, Blackledge rates these shares as Outperform (Buy), and sets a $200 price target that points toward a one-year upside potential of 34%. (To watch Blackledge’s track record, click here)

Amazon hasn’t just picked up 42 recent analyst reviews in recent weeks – it has picked up 42 unanimously positive analyst reviews, to give the stock a Strong Buy consensus rating. The shares are trading currently for $148.84, and their $177.32 average target price implies a gain of 19 % in the next 12 months. (See Amazon stock forecast)