Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) Receives Bullish Price Target Increase Amidst Growing AI Capabilities
By Don Francis, Editor
November 11, 2023 2:27 AM EST
Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) Receives Bullish Price Target Increase Amidst Growing AI Capabilities
Tigress Financial's Ivan Feinseth raised their price target on Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) by 2.9% from $204 to $210 on 2023/11/10. The analyst maintained their Buy rating on the stock.

Feinseth noted that their new price target is 50% above the current price of the stock. Growing AI-driven capabilities, continuing expansion of Prime Membership services, online sales growth, and accelerating advertising revenue "all will improve profitability and long-term shareholder value," the analyst said to explain his bullish view.

According to WallStreetZen, Feinseth is ranked in the top 29% out of 4,391 Wall Street analysts with an average return of 0.3% and a 45.8% win rate. Feinseth specializes in the Technology and Financial Services sectors, among others.

The current sentiment among analysts is overwhelmingly positive for Amazon, with 96.7% of top-rated analysts rating the stock as a Strong Buy or Buy. Only 3.3% of analysts see it as a Hold, and no analysts recommend or strongly recommend selling the stock.

The consensus forecast among analysts is that Amazon's upcoming year will deliver earnings per share (EPS) of $2.75. If the analysts are right, Amazon's next yearly EPS will be up by 40.9% on a year-over-year basis.

Since Amazon's last quarterly report on 2023/09/30, the stock price has increased by 10.6%. Year-over-year, the stock is up 63.2%. During that period, Amazon has outperformed the S&P 500, which is up 17.8%.

Amazon.com, Inc. is a leading retail company that operates through three segments: North America, International, and Amazon Web Services (AWS). The company offers a wide range of consumer products and subscriptions through online and physical stores. In addition, Amazon manufactures and sells electronic devices, develops and produces media content, and provides various services such as fulfillment, advertising, and digital content subscriptions. Amazon serves consumers, sellers, developers, enterprises, content creators, and advertisers worldwide.

Get free updates on AMZN
WallStreetZen tracks the performance of nearly 4,000 Wall Street analysts, whom we rank by average returns, frequency, and win-rate (backtested over multiple years).