Analyst Brian White Maintains Buy Rating for Amazon Amid Strong 3Q:23 Results and Anticipated Digital Transformation Opportunities
TipRanks
 Oct. 27, 2023, 06:25 AM
Analyst Brian White of Monness maintained a Buy rating on Amazon (AMZN – Research Report), with a price target of $170.00.

Brian White has given his buy rating for Amazon’s stock due to several factors. He acknowledged the strong 3Q:23 results that Amazon reported, which showed considerable profit and an optimistic outlook for 4Q:23. He also recognized the potential for Amazon to capitalize on digital transformation, tap into the cloud, innovate with AI and create new opportunities in healthcare. However, he also warned of potential regulatory challenges and suggested that the worst days of the current downturn may still lie ahead.

In addition to these factors, White appreciated Amazon’s improved profitability and continued stability in its AWS segment. He also noted Amazon’s optimism regarding AI and less pronounced cost optimization efforts. Furthermore, he highlighted the company’s recent AI announcements, including five generative AI innovations and a strategic partnership with Anthropic. He also mentioned Amazon’s plan to invest up to $4 billion in Anthropic. Based on Amazon’s 4Q:23 outlook, White adjusted his revenue and EPS estimates for 4Q:23 and 2024, while maintaining a price target of $170.

In another report released today, Bank of America Securities also reiterated a Buy rating on the stock with a $168.00 price target.

See today’s best-performing stocks on TipRanks >>


TipRanks tracks over 100,000 company insiders, identifying the select few who excel in timing their transactions. By upgrading to TipRanks Premium, you will gain access to this exclusive data and discover crucial insights to guide your investment decisions. Begin your TipRanks Premium journey today.

Amazon (AMZN) Company Description:

Amazon.com, Inc. provides online retail shopping services and also generates revenue from cloud computing services. It operates through three business segments: North America, International, and Amazon Web Services (AWS). The North America and International segments include retail sales of consumer products and subscriptions (like Amazon Prime membership fees). AWS generates revenue from the global sales of compute, storage, database, and other service offerings. Founded by Jeffrey P. Bezos in July 1994, the company is headquartered in Seattle, WA.