UBS Keeps Their Hold Rating on Alphabet Class C (GOOG)
TipRanks
 Jan. 11, 2024, 02:25 PM
In a report released today, Karl Keirstead from UBS maintained a Hold rating on Alphabet Class C (GOOG – Research Report), with a price target of $150.00. The company’s shares opened today at $144.90.

According to TipRanks, Keirstead is a 5-star analyst with an average return of 14.1% and a 64.07% success rate. Keirstead covers the Technology sector, focusing on stocks such as Microsoft, Oracle, and Workday.

The word on The Street in general, suggests a Strong Buy analyst consensus rating for Alphabet Class C with a $158.60 average price target.

See the top stocks recommended by analysts >>

Based on Alphabet Class C’s latest earnings release for the quarter ending September 30, the company reported a quarterly revenue of $76.69 billion and a net profit of $19.69 billion. In comparison, last year the company earned a revenue of $69.09 billion and had a net profit of $13.91 billion


Based on the recent corporate insider activity of 118 insiders, corporate insider sentiment is negative on the stock. This means that over the past quarter there has been an increase of insiders selling their shares of GOOG in relation to earlier this year.

TipRanks has tracked 36,000 company insiders and found that a few of them are better than others when it comes to timing their transactions. See which 3 stocks are most likely to make moves following their insider activities.

Alphabet Class C (GOOG) Company Description:

Alphabet is a holding company, with Google, the Internet media giant, as a wholly owned subsidiary. Google accounts for 99% of Alphabet’s revenue, of which, substantial revenue is generated from online ads. Google’s other revenue is from sales of apps and content on Google Play and YouTube, as well as cloud services fees and other licensing revenue. Google also sells hardware products like Chromebooks, the Pixel smartphone, and smart homes products, which include Nest and Google Home. Alphabet’s Other Bets business is comprised of moonshot investments in Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, X and others.